no-value-for-parameter:46::No value for argument 'first_argument' in function call
too-many-function-args:47::Too many positional arguments for function call
no-value-for-parameter:49::No value for argument 'third_argument' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:51::No value for argument 'first_argument' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:51::No value for argument 'second_argument' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:51::No value for argument 'third_argument' in function call
too-many-function-args:53::Too many positional arguments for function call
no-value-for-parameter:58::No value for argument 'first_argument' in function call
unexpected-keyword-arg:58::Unexpected keyword argument 'bob' in function call
unexpected-keyword-arg:59::Unexpected keyword argument 'coin' in function call
redundant-keyword-arg:61::Argument 'one' passed by position and keyword in function call
arguments-out-of-order:72:args_out_of_order:Positional arguments are out of order
arguments-out-of-order:73:args_out_of_order:Positional arguments are out of order
arguments-out-of-order:75:args_out_of_order:Positional arguments are out of order
no-value-for-parameter:91::No value for argument 'arg' in lambda call
no-value-for-parameter:96:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in staticmethod call
no-value-for-parameter:97:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in staticmethod call
no-value-for-parameter:99:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in classmethod call
no-value-for-parameter:100:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in classmethod call
no-value-for-parameter:102:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in method call
no-value-for-parameter:103:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in unbound method call
no-value-for-parameter:105:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in method call
no-value-for-parameter:106:method_tests:No value for argument 'arg' in unbound method call
no-value-for-parameter:135:TestStaticMethod.func:No value for argument 'first' in staticmethod call
too-many-function-args:136:TestStaticMethod.func:Too many positional arguments for staticmethod call
too-many-function-args:144:TypeCheckConstructor.test:Too many positional arguments for constructor call
no-value-for-parameter:146:TypeCheckConstructor.test:No value for argument 'first' in constructor call
no-value-for-parameter:146:TypeCheckConstructor.test:No value for argument 'second' in constructor call
no-value-for-parameter:147:TypeCheckConstructor.test:No value for argument 'second' in constructor call
unexpected-keyword-arg:147:TypeCheckConstructor.test:Unexpected keyword argument 'lala' in constructor call
no-value-for-parameter:158:Test.test:No value for argument 'icon' in method call
too-many-function-args:159:Test.test:Too many positional arguments for method call
no-value-for-parameter:161::No value for argument 'icon' in method call
no-value-for-parameter:188:no_context_but_redefined:No value for argument 'three' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:188:no_context_but_redefined:No value for argument 'two' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:191:no_context_one_elem:No value for argument 'three' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:191:no_context_one_elem:No value for argument 'two' in function call
unexpected-keyword-arg:227:namedtuple_replace_issue_1036:Unexpected keyword argument 'd' in method call
unexpected-keyword-arg:227:namedtuple_replace_issue_1036:Unexpected keyword argument 'e' in method call
no-value-for-parameter:240::No value for argument 'third' in function call
no-value-for-parameter:241::No value for argument 'second' in function call
unexpected-keyword-arg:242::Unexpected keyword argument 'fourth' in function call
